unified/novacustom/wifi-bt-switch.md: added documentation (#641)
Dasharo/docs: docs/unified/novacustom/wifi-bt-switch.md

# WiFi + Bluetooth radios switch

Novacustom laptops have the option to disable the WiFi + Bluetooth card

> completely. Afterdisabling this option, the power to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
completely. After disabling this option, the power to the
```

Reviewer 2: File removed, comment no longer applicable.
